This directory contains many useful files in addition to the source files for
the ovlfs.  Here is a listing of these files and a brief description of their
contents and/or intended purpose:

	BUGS
		Bugs found during implementation and testing that have been,
		or need to be, addressed.

	GLOSSARY
		Some (attempts at) definitions for terms used throughout the
		documentation and source code.

	IDEAS
		Some ideas for implementing the ovlfs as well as a high level
		plan of implementation.

	INPROGRESS
		The current status of items that are under development at the
		current time.

	ISSUES
		Items of concern for the author that affect the entire concept
		and implementation of the ovlfs.

	NOTES
		Miscellaneous notes made during development.  Interesting
		reading for filesystem developers, especially if they want to
		laugh at the author ;-).

	OTHER_INFO
		List of information that the ovlfs needs to maintain that other
		filesystems do not keep.  This file was created in response to
		an idea to use an existing filesystem driver as a Storage
		Method.  The items listed prevent the use of such a filesystem
		driver as a Storage Method.

	OVL_STG_EXAMPLE.c
		A skeleton source file, or template, for a new Storage Method.

	QUESTIONS
		Questions and answers.  This file is immature.

	REQUIREMENTS
		A list of requirements for implementation.  As of this writing,
		requirements for the VFS filesystem interface and the Storage
		Method operations have been documented.

	STATUS
		Some status items.  Not much here, at least not yet.  Most of
		the status has been tracked as updates to the TODO file.

	StorageOps
		A brief analysis of the Storage Method concept.  Used to drive
		the original design of the Storage Method functionality.

	SUBPROJECTS
		A list and description of major areas of work that the author
		is working on or wants to work on.

	TODO
		List of items discovered during implementation and testing that
		need to be done.

	TODO.NOW
		List of items to be done for the currently active development.

	TROUBLE_SHOOTING
		Notes on problems using the ovlfs and possible solutions.
